Modify rules S1871 and S3923: Update description in accordance with the new understanding (#3752)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3923/cfamily/rule.adoc

_All branches_ includes the default branch, which is the branch executed when none of the conditions of the chain are satisfied. This branch may present itself explicitly, implicitly or by construction.

[source,cpp]
----
if (a > 10) b == 1;
else b == 2; // explicit default branch

int func() {
  if (a > 10) return 1;
  return 2; // implicit default branch
}

int b = a > 10 ? 1 : 2;
                  // ^ default branch by construction
----

> 

Reviewer: Anything before "Why is this an issue?" will be displayed on all tabs on SonarQube/Cloud/... Example: [SQ](https://peach.aws-prd.sonarsource.com/coding_rules?open=cpp%3AS1763&rule_key=cpp%3AS1763) [Rules](https://rules.sonarsource.com/cpp/RSPEC-1763/)

We should have at most a sentence or two in this section. See https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/blob/master/docs/description.adoc

I think the example is not bad but should be in the next section.

== Why is this an issue?

Having all branches of an `if` or `switch` chain or ternary operator with the same implementation indicates a problem, because the conditional structure is not serving any purpose: the same code will be executed regardless of the conditions.

In the following code:

include::../common/code-example.adoc[]

Either there is a copy-paste error, or the `if` or `switch` chain or ternary operator is unecessary.

== How to fix it

> Either fix the copy-paste error or remove the conditional structure.

Reviewer: I don't think it's worth having a separate tab for one sentence given how trivial the fix is. Keep it in "why is this an issue".

== Why is this an issue?

Having all branches of an `if` chain, `switch` statement or ternary operator with the same implementation indicates a problem. The conditional structure is pointless, because the same code will be executed regardless of the conditions.

In the following code:

include::../common/code-example.adoc[]

Either there is a copy-paste error that should be fixed; or the `if` chain, `switch` statement or ternary operator is unecessary and should be removed.

> === Considerations
> 
> _All branches_ includes the default branch, which is the branch that is executed when none of the conditions of the structure are satisfied. This branch may present itself explicitly, implicitly or by construction.

Reviewer 2: Custom titles are allowed in this section, but I'm not convinced it brings much value. One sentence we often use is "This rule triggers when...", which might work well here. For example:

```suggestion
This rule triggers when all branches, _including the default branch_, are identical.
The default branch is the branch that is executed when none of the conditions of the structure are satisfied. This branch may present itself explicitly, implicitly, or by construction.
```

[source,cpp]
----
if (a == 0) b == 1;
else b == 2; // explicit default branch

int func() {
  if (a == 0) return 1;
  return 2; // implicit default branch
}

switch (a) {
  case 0:
    return 1;
  default: // explicit default branch
    return 2;
}

int b = a == 0 ? 1 : 2;
                  // ^ default branch by construction
----

> ifdef::env-github,rspecator-view[]

Reviewer 2: We should also mention S1871 in Resources/Related rules.
